[Music]
[Applause]
So, what do you do to kind of keep
yourself sane? Well, uh, recreation like
this. Although, I'm not sure that golf
is the solution to the insane.
Sometimes it feels like it is insane.
[Applause]
There you go. Ah, there we are. Over the
years, I've interviewed the biggest
names in finance, and they've mostly
been men. But things are changing. More
and more, I'm meeting powerful women
controlling vast amounts of capital.
What did it take for these women to
break through? And is Wall Street
changing now that they have?
We're in Sedona. We're about to meet
Anne Walsh, who is one of the most
powerful women in finance. She manages
hundreds of billions of dollars in her
role as chief investment officer of
Guggenheim Partners Investment
Management.
I hear she's really good at golf.
I'm not that good at it. So, but I do
know how to play and I know that it's
important to play in a man's world. Hey,
Shinali. Hello. Good to see you. Good to
see you as well.
So, how long have you been playing golf
for? So, I guess I was in my young 20s,
but I would say I sort of played at golf
and then I worked for Lincoln National
in Fort Wayne, Indiana. And there
everybody played golf and that's where I
really learned uh the game and picked it
up.
I actually started playing in my high
school golf team. Did you? But I stopped
my whole adult life and I feel like I
should know it now. You're kind of my
start to that. All right. Well, good.
Well, let me stop talking and we'll hit
some balls.
[Music]
Nice.
I think I've known you for the better
part of 10 years. And it was actually a
women in finance event that I first met
you at. I think you were managing maybe
more than $200 billion at the time. Mhm.
And I was like, how come there are not
more people like her? Well, you know, it
really is something I'm passionate about
is trying to attract women to the
industry. We see movies like Wolf of
Wall Street, you know, and Greed is
Good, and that's just not really very
attractive to women and also young
people today. uh they want purposeful
careers. They want to know that they're
making a difference. And in my view,
investment management and asset
management are making a difference.
We're we're the caretakers for people's
uh retirement money or the savings for
their kids to go to college and more
women should be attracted to our
industry as a result. Certainly at
Guggenheim, we have 30% of our team are
women and that's well above sadly well
above the industry average. And I want
to keep going and get that trajectory
more like our population 5050.
[Music]
So your first job investing, did you
know what you were doing? Nope. Not even
a little bit. And I was really young. I
was only 19. Um, so I graduated college
at 19. And how did you graduate so
early? I had no idea the story about
you. Yeah. So because I had grown up in
the Washington DC area, the schools were
really good. So I was able to actually
test out of a whole year and then I
finished college in 2 and 1/2 years
because we were in the quarter system
and I went year round. And uh one of the
benefits of that is is that you could
take as many classes as you could for a
flat fee. And uh so dad figured out that
for a minimal amount of dollars, I could
take four classes a quarter. So, I sped
through that and then I got my MBA right
after. And then after that, I I moved to
Miami and I went to law school there.
I gotten my MBA, too. It's actual
education itself, right? But it's also
like, well, wait a minute. If you're
going up for a job, you might be one
step behind just by being a woman. And
so, to have that extra paper to say,
hey, I have my MBA, too. Yes, it really
does make a big difference. and uh and
so I'm you know I'm a big advocate uh
for that.
[Music]
Usually golf is a silent game, but on
this one I'm going to make you talk to
me about your entire career and the
whole way you see the future playing out
for women. There we go. Since I first
met you, there are more women around
now. I feel like Do you see it, too? I
do, and I'm really happy about that. And
I think it's because of of women along
the way who've been trailblazers and
given the opportunity for women like
myself. Uh and and now I get to, you
know, pass it along and play it forward.
And I think that's important. Women
taking care of women and the next
generation broadly as well.
So what's the role of men in the
workplace in terms of how women are
supposed to rise too? Well, it's not an
eitheror. Uh it's a collaborative
effort. Um and while we certainly want
to see more women in the industry, it's
not to the exclusion of, you know,
getting rid of men. That's not the
point. Um the point is is that a rising
tide lifts all boats. What do you think
the biggest difference is between women
and men in the workplace, particularly
in finance? I think it is the way we
come at issues and make decisions
because we do look at the world
differently. I know that's probably not
the most politically correct thing to
say, but I think it's pretty obvious. I
think differently than my male
colleagues, and I welcome their input
into the decision-m. I feel that there
has been a lot of push back from men in
the workplace, some animosity created
through some of the women's movements.
Do you think that you've seen some of
that? I'll look back at the 80s, there
was some animosity, but now, no. I don't
really sense it the way uh it existed
then.
All right. So, would you like to go
first? No.
[Music]
Is that exactly where I wanted it to go?
Now we're playing. Yep. Now we're
playing.
[Music]
Around the world, women are commanding
more and more wealth. Women control
approximately 80% of global
discretionary spending. At long last,
women are starting to make waves in the
hedge fund world. Today, they control a
third of global wealth. Within the next
5 years, women, they're going to control
over 50% of the global wealth market out
there today. We're at the downtown
association in the heart of the
financial district at what used to be a
men's only club since the 1800s.
When I was starting in journalism, I
would have to meet sources at like cigar
bars. You were still in cigar bars.
As of 2021, womenowned firms controlled
just.7% of assets in alternative
investments. And as of 2022, just 15% of
those ranked managing director for
investing roles in private equity and
alternatives were women. These women
have built their careers in alternative
assets, including private capital and
venture investing.
Sharice Clark's firm is known for
acquiring music rights of famous
artists.
Anu Dougall steers seed funding to women
led startups. And Olivia Wasinar leads
an energy and climate business at
investment giant Apollo.
The reason I wanted to talk the to the
three of you in particular is because
all three of you have broken through so
many closed doors. When you think about
founding your own firm, do you think it
could have happened 10 years ago or 20
years ago? I, you know, it's hard, it's
hard to go back in time and rewrite
history. There's obviously firms that
have been started by women, but there
are very few, right? And so I think
today's environment um is one where
there's a lot of women who have put in
the time and effort. Like I'm a 25 year
I look, it looks good. I try to I try to
keep it looking fresh. But at the end of
the day, um, I've got 25 years on the
street. And 45 short years ago, there
probably weren't that many women who
could have could sit and say in this
room that they've had 25 years of
experience in the financial markets,
investing, managing billions of dollars
of capital to be in a position to do
that. I felt like early in my career,
there was a little bit of this concept
of like the token woman. Someone had
read a Harvard Business Review case
study that said, you know, decision-m is
better if you have a woman involved. And
so they're like, "Okay, but it wasn't
lots of women. It wasn't a room full of
women. It was that that woman." And one
of the things that just always surprised
me was it's, you know, it's it's not
just one seat at the table. Like why are
we fighting for that one seat? From a
historic perspective, I've raised money
for a number of different kind of
entrepreneurial ventures. And um I would
say this female founders fund
specifically has definitely been the
hardest. Our first fund was very small,
you know, 5.85 85 million but 700 plus
meetings. And so it's challenging to
raise institutional capital for for
something that is out of the box and it
still continues to be.
[Music]
You know, it's interesting because I
remember very distinctly I had just
started on the job. I had gotten the job
of covering all the investment banks and
I went to go visit a president of an
investment bank and the quote I will
never forget. I always said I would make
it the cover of my book and it was
there's no place for women here. So I
was a little shocked to hear it but then
I just took a breath and I asked why and
he said there's no place for women
because the minute they get to their 30s
and they're trying to have a family and
then the workload is too much and it
just felt like a lot of excuses. I think
one of the biggest things that creates
this the the nature for that comment is
that um actually it's less about the
leave that the women take. It's about
the fact that men have children and
don't take leave. And so the women are
seen as less committed to the role
because their male their male
counterparts never have to leave the
workforce for any period of time when
they are beginning a new family. And
that's not good for actually them or
their children. And then candly, it's
also not good for the dynamic for the
women that are behind whether they're
your spouse or not in the workplace.
What do you guys make of this backlash
like the DEI push back there has been?
What does that look like from where you
sit? I think there's this sort of lack
of desire to have um you know formulas
and regulations around some of this. But
if you talk to most CEOs and boards,
they're doing things because it's the
right thing to do. So I think it's still
really happening in the background. It's
just probably lost a little bit of sort
of like the steam and sort of the
outward push that that that folks are
being forced to do it. There was a lot
of momentum in the last four or five
years around seeing more diversity in
fund managers and founders and I think
that you know in the next four years
we're going to see that come down
significantly. Um, and I think that's
unfortunate because a lot of these
managers and these founders were just
getting started, but we're starting to
see different role models of success.
And, you know, I think it's very
different when you have a woman who, you
know, has sold a 400 or $500 million
company. What is she choosing to do with
that money? You know, are they buying
the boats? Like, probably not. You know,
speaking of being a woman and and and
leading as a woman, are there things
that you were able to catch in terms of
great investments that maybe other
people have passed up on? I think some
of our best deals, some of our largest
exits have been founders where, you
know, pre-launch everyone passed. It
could have been women's health. It could
be, you know, we invested in the largest
astrology app. At the seed stage, you're
betting on a person and you're betting
on a theme. And um that may not be
obvious, but over time when you have
numbers and you have metrics, then you
can't argue, right? I would just add on
that last point, too. I've got a couple
funds that invest in environmentally
friendly companies, right? We're doing
so because we make money doing them. Our
returns in those companies and that
asset class are good returns. In fact,
there's some of our, you know, our best
credit and best private equity vehicles
at Apollo. These are the types of things
that I think just continue to reinforce
the message that we're just doing these
things because they make good business
sense, not because there's a strong
social agenda behind them otherwise.
Look, I'm here to make money for my
investors and for my team. I want to
make a lot of money. I want to deliver
an excellent and exorbitant return. I
invest in an industrial complex that
everybody engages in every single day,
which is music, media, and
entertainment. we all consume it and
it's less institutionalized than all the
things that everybody else is chasing.
And so as a consequence, I've decided to
build a business in a place that's less
traffic.
[Music]
It's funny. I feel like a lot has
changed, but there's kind of hints of
some of the old behavior under the
surface. This one's kind of recent for
me. I had finished grad school and I
remember being in a class. I got my
degree in quant finance and it was all
guys. There's one one other woman
besides me and the guys didn't want to
work with us because they said chicks
can't do math. That was only a couple
years ago. Really? Is that still around?
You have to remember that these young
men are products of their broader
environment where they're hearing things
like that. And some people do believe
that I don't know how to do math. I know
how to do a lot of math. I got an A in
derivatives.
And so it's helpful when they think that
they don't think I know how to do math
when I'm negotiating with them because
wait the power of being underestimated
of being underestimated.
It's a massive advantage. It's a massive
advantage. It's great. It's like, oh,
you think I don't know. Okay, this is
going to be fun. In some ways, I was
really excited about this conversation
because women are rising. In the other,
in another sense, I was like, why is
that a conversation we're having? Are we
sick of talking about it? What are we
supposed to do? Like these are the these
are literally the molecular cells that I
was born in. Um how do I And these are
the statistics. These are the
statistics. You know, women couldn't
even have their own credit cards and
bank accounts in the 70s. So, it's
really not that long ago. So, we sit
here and we get to live these fortunate
lives and do these amazing careers and
invest in really fun things um on the
back of, you know, people who had to
figure out how to make that change for
us. I think I as exhausted as I am about
it and I'm over talking about it, I feel
a responsibility to talk about it
because the work's not done yet and we
got to do it for the next generation and
candidly we didn't have to struggle
through can I can I have my own checking
account.
One thing that I was told and this is by
somebody who I very much trusted it was
it is still hard to ask women in the
industry about what it's like to be a
woman because that's not their primary
job. Their primary job is to manage
millions of dollars. There's still a
burden to being one of few women in the
room. That burden is often making sure
other women are rising for explaining a
lot of experiences as though they speak
for all women. But all of them notice
that they're also optimistic and it's
because things have gotten better and
they've gotten better in a short amount
of time. More women are rising into
positions of wealth. More women are
managing money. More women are leading
investment banks. More women are in
private equity firms at the highest
levels of them and they're delivering
real returns. And most of these firms,
the greatest ones, are looking to have
diverse perspectives in a room because
they know that's what's going to get
them into the best areas for investing.
Today we're going to go interview Jane
Fraser. She's the CEO of Cityroup. We're
doing a live television interview with
her. And after that, I'm going to pull
her aside and ask her something I hadn't
been able to talk to her about much
since she took over. And that is what
it's like to be the only woman to lead a
major US bank. Because to this day,
she's the only woman to do so.
Where's the gone?
So, Jane Fraser, how does she think
about diversity more largely? I think
that's an important question when we're
talking about women and and money.
Jen's texting me. This is going to be a
really, really, really intense hour and
a half.
Sounds quiet. Get out, Chris. Get out.
Thank you so much, Tim. Yes, I'm
standing by now with CEO of Cityroup,
Jane Fraser. So, we're about a year
since you announced a very massive
reorganization. Do you feel like you're
almost done?
Jane Fraser started her career at
Goldman Sachs and McKenzie before
joining City, one of the biggest banks
in the world. We're good on that part of
the taping and then we're going to do
the fun part. at Croup. She led multiple
divisions including Latin American
operations and consumer banking. I also
don't know why we're still talking about
it. Yeah. And not getting all done. In
February 2021, Fraser became the CEO of
Croup, tasked with turning around the
bank's struggling stock price and
lagging profitability in the middle of a
pandemic. Our head of the Middle East as
a woman, our head of Saudi as a woman,
our head of UAE as a woman. Please,
please join me.
Cityroup at this juncture moves $4
trillion
a day. Five five trillion dollars.
That's larger than we're growing. It's
larger than the GDP of France that you
move daily. What kind of weight do you
feel on your shoulders in the morning? I
think the same as any CEO. Um you have
to wake up every morning somewhat
paranoid, feeling that urgency. Um a bit
of excitement about what you need to do.
But uh I I think a healthy amount of
pressure. I feel like I've really tried
in as long as I've known you to not ask
you about what it's like to be a woman.
I've very intentionally tried to not
make that a part of the conversation.
But I feel like it's now come the time
to ask. Why is this something that has
is not addressed more loudly in this
industry that there's only one woman to
lead a major US bank? It is a little
surprising. I think uh there's there is
a good generation coming through of
really super talented women, but we've
also got to recognize that there are
some biases in the system um unconscious
or conscious. And it's important that
there's more of us that are breaking
through and getting this into being
business as usual rather than business
unusual. Does it ever feel frustrating
to you to have to be vocal about the
issue or to be the face of the issue? No
one ever asked David Solomon
what it's like to be a man. It gets
frustrating when someone asks you about
certain questions they wouldn't ask a
guy. But for us it's about how do we try
and provide opportunities for everybody
along the way. Make it a win-win because
I think we're dead in the water if it's
a zero sum game. If if we weren't
competing for the best female talent, I
would be cutting the bank off from 50%
of the workforce um and really putting
us at a competitive disadvantage.
Diversity is harder work, but it it more
than pays for itself. My frustration is
when people don't believe in the
business case cuz it's so blindingly
obvious to me.
Studies show that the business case for
inclusion and diversity is stronger than
ever. Companies with more gender
diversity on executive teams were 25%
more likely to achieve above average
profitability. I walk along the trading
floor and it is joyfully unrecognizable
from even 10 years ago. It's full of
talented men and women. It's a much more
positive culture than it used to be.
This is no longer the 80s, thank God. Um
and so these are the types of
transformations that when left to
themselves with the right support around
it, they just happen and they change the
culture of the place.
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see
you guys. It's hard to ask a CEO with
that much on their plate about social
issues. Neither of us want to talk about
being women in finance because if you're
her, you want to think about delivering
returns for shareholders and what your
employees are doing. And I think it's
that idea that just because there are
not women there at the beginning doesn't
mean there are not a lot of women there
at the end. And that and that progress
is definitely not linear.
[Music]
After I interviewed Fraser, news broke
that major companies, including many on
Wall Street, were scaling back
diversity, equity, and inclusion
initiatives due to pressure from the
Trump administration.
But at some companies, the efforts
continue by a different name. And though
we're still far from parody, the numbers
show a steady increase in women's wealth
and their representation in the finance
industry.
In April 2025, Gungjin Kadia became the
second woman to be named CEO of a major
US bank.
[Music]
My mom's 86 and uh and she's an
attorney. So I think of my mother's
generation as being real trailblazers.
Did she ever think that you were going
to run hundreds of billions of dollars
one day? Oh, she's very proud. Yeah.
Do you have a tea that I could steal?
Thank you. Absolutely. Not at all. Women
helping women and Exactly. Exactly.
There you go. Nice shot.
[Music]